frontend/README.md, before:

# .

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vue (Official)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Recommended Browser Setup

- Chromium-based browsers (Chrome, Edge, Brave, etc.):
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd) 
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Chrome DevTools](http://bit.ly/object-formatters)
- Firefox:
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/vue-js-devtools/)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Firefox DevTools](https://fxdx.dev/firefox-devtools-custom-object-formatters/)

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Revise frontend README and tidy login/register

frontend/README.md, after:

# Exam Frontend (Vue 3 + Vite)

A user management single-page application (SPA) built with Vue 3 and Vite. This app provides for managing users listing, creating, editing, and deleting user accounts, and searching or filtering users. It communicates with a backend API for data and authentication.

## What is this app?

This is a frontend single-page application (SPA) scaffold — not a backend. It is intended to serve as the client-side UI for a web application and is built for fast development and iteration. Key characteristics:

- Built with Vue 3 and Vite for fast hot-reload development.
- Client-side routing with `vue-router`, and global state management with `pinia`.
- Uses `axios` for HTTP communication with an external API (backend).
- Tailwind CSS is included as a utility-first styling tool.
- Typical use cases: admin dashboard, CRUD interfaces, user portals, and other interactive web apps that rely on a separate API.

## Quick start

Install dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

Run the dev server:

```sh
npm run dev
```

## Tech stack (high level)

- Vue 3
- Vite
- Vue Router
- Pinia
- Axios
- Tailwind CSS
- Prettier

## Notes

- Configure API base URL and other client-visible variables using Vite env variables (prefix with `VITE_`).
- The built app outputs static files (usually to `dist/`) and can be deployed to static hosts (Netlify, Vercel, S3/CloudFront, etc.).
- This README focuses on what the app is and how to get started — extend it with project-specific details (routes, stores, components) as the application grows.
